here's a short video showing the steps
you'll use to install the new improved
century cargo cover tonneau the video
follows the same steps we have included
in the written instructions that come
with each cargo cover the list of hand
tools you'll need is included there -
one thing you love about the new cargo
cover installation you can do it all
without climbing into the truck bed all
hardware and fasteners are easy to reach
from outside the truck you'll start by
removing the shipping boards or
unpacking the tonneau and setting it on
a stand then with the truck tailgate
open carefully placed a cargo cover on
the truck making sure the Superlift
brackets don't hit the truck bed sent to
the tonneau from side to side and
position it with an overhang in the rear
of about five eighths of an inch
with the tailgate open and the tonneau
closed attach and tighten the rear rail
clamps to each side of the bed position
the clamps as far rearward as possible
next put a shop towel carpet or foam
padding between the tonneau and truck
bed at the front corners this protects
the truck bed while gas props are being
attached carefully open the tonneau and
attach the gas props the rod end of the
props will be pointing down with the
tonneau open attach and tighten rail
clamps to the front of the rails one
clamp per side put the clamps as far
forward as possible
if the tonneau is equipped with a third
pair of clamps attached and tighten them
along the middle of the rails one on
each side
put these clamps as close to the middle
bumpers as possible
now you will adjust the height of the
front end of the tonneau keep the
tailgate open for this step two it's
helpful to mark the position of the
tonneau with masking tape and a marker
check to see if the front bumper stops
touch the bottom of the tonneau if they
don't adjust them upward until they do
raise the tonneau by adjusting the
bumper stop up lower it by adjusting the
bumper stop down if the bumper stop is
all the way down and the front of the
tonneau still needs to be lowered you
can loosen the two nuts on the hinge and
adjust the front of the hinge down as
necessary
tighten the hinge nuts when you get the
height set right
now close the tonneau and check the
vertical clearance at the rear check
both sides you adjust the height at the
rear by changing the position of the
strikers adjust the strikers by
loosening the rail attachment nuts and
moving the strikers up or down as needed
check each side as you go and retighten
the nuts on the strikers close the
tonneau and make sure the tonneau handle
will release the latches before you
close the tailgate recheck the position
of the tonneau it should overhang the
rear of the tailgate by 5/8 of an inch
and should be centered from left to
right if it isn't centered or the truck
bet is out of square you can correct for
it here's how open the tonneau and the
tailgate then loosen the latch
attachment screws
with the tano open loosen the rail
clamps on one side of the bed and move
the rail forward or rearward to get the
desired fit just a small shift of the
rail will change the side-to-side
clearance
retighten the clamps but leave the latch
attachment screws loose close the
tonneau with the tailgate open and
recheck the fit now you adjust the
latches slowly close the cover and check
that the latches are centered as they
engage with the strikers make sure the
latch attachment screws are loose and
loosen the cam set screws move the latch
until it is centered on the striker then
tighten the latch attachment screws and
the cam set screws make sure you check
and adjust both sides next adjust the
height of the center bumpers check both
bumpers as you close the tonneau the
bumpers should just barely touch the
tonneau when it is closed adjust each
bumper up or down as needed and tighten
the nut to set the height of the bumper
that's it double check all fasteners
make sure everything is tight especially
the rail clamps close the tailgate check
the position of the tonneau and the
opening and closing operation one more
time and you're done instead of like a
century cargo cover is just that easy
and fast that's why the new cargo cover
is pleasing dealers and retail customers
across the country when it comes to
style value and ease of installation the
new century cargo cover isn't just
better it's the best